hey guys soldier girl this is my little
rant for today I just left target um and
I mean
I'm just irritated I'm just highly
irritated so I haven't started shopping
for myself yet as far as this new the
release the release of the ten dollar
arm give car coupon at target I haven't
started shopping for myself yet because
i still have my clients to shop for
first and that takes more time um and so
I'm shopping for my clients if you guys
work for the state then you know that
you guys get vouchers to pay for the
clients things all right up to this
point I've been so privileged to be
coupon and to be able to utilize coupons
to stretch their dollar now they only
get fifty dollars per client for
shopping which is not a lot so I'm able
to utilize coupons then they can get a
little bit more which is awesome right
and so I go and I've gone to the start
this is on target for I'm actually went
earlier this week and did some shopping
with able to use coupons no big deal
alright for today but today for some
fucking reason excuse my language you
guys really for some reason they want to
develop all these darn new rules like
you can't use coupons of the voucher you
can't price match with the voucher I'm
just like are you kidding me as it my
clients are the consumer to don't you
think if they could come here and shop
for themselves they would how do you
think they feel that people have to shop
for them you know me come on now for
God's sake they're fuckin they're
freakin citizens just like you and me
they should deserve the same damn right
you know I'm like it irks me because
like I formulate I put their transaction
together based on how much they have
based on the coupons i can use and they
can get more all right so I guess the
check out and now you're Tony I can't
use my coupons now I have to take off
these and I got within them because
you're not going to accept their coupons
you know I mean I think it's with that
I don't like it at all you guys I really
don't anything that relates to my
clients and my job I just don't like it
because I think that it's it's just you
know I feel like somebody's being taken
advantage of it it's not me it's my
clients because they're the ones that
are going to go without one less thing
or whatever having because it could use
a good
anything with the price mention I'm
trying to price match to get them twice
as much product alone
and you're telling me oh you can't price
match assistance when I said you guys
have all these new rules what's up with
that
oh yeah what my boss you know because of
because of being fraud and stuff and
people fraud is this is nothing to do
with me is to do with my damn clients
dude if she only knew where my stockpile
look like at home she wouldn't be she
wouldn't be questioning me about
anything I don't have a need I don't
have a need or want to take anything for
my clients you know they don't have
anything as it is the last thing I'm
going to do is step in and they can take
advantage of them are you fucking
kidding me some i'm just really pissed
right now I'm just really irked right
now you guys know that I'm cleansing
this is like they 13 and I'm irritated
because I haven't eaten anything in 32
and this is just adding on top of it so
yeah so I'm a little worse there's
really not much i can add besides that
you guys did you feel where i'm coming
from you know flash me a thumbs up
just really just don't forgive a hell
give thought
thumps me down they don't care x and i
was like an addict will see you all it's
raining right now look at this see they
say it never rains in Southern
California that's bull does it do
don't buy in life the difference of
different inside section